hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the incredible and completely
original sci-fi horror movie called the
fly
warning guys spoiler alert yes i'm
afraid i'm going to spill the beans
about what the movie is about including
all the best gory bits but that's half
the fun with these recaps at least you
can then decide whether you want to
watch the whole movie or not if you like
good horror with great acting then this
movie will definitely please
now before i start with the play by play
i just want to say that this film is
excellent in my opinion and casting a
young jeff goldblum as the lead was a
master stroke
this movie is extremely well made the
visual effects are fantastic leading to
a wonderfully grotesque piece of art
this movie is not made simply just for
shock factor it's a love story too now
for the recap and by the way
feel free to comment below also don't
forget to share some love by smashing
the like button
seth brundle played by jeff goldblum is
a brilliant and eccentric inventor
at a party thrown by his financier
bartok industries for the press rundle
meets veronica quaff played by gina
davis a reporter for particle magazine
he invites her to come back to his
apartment where he shows her his latest
invention teleporter pods or telepods
that disintegrate matter transmit it
across space and then reintegrate it she
realizes this could be the invention of
the century and oversets objections goes
to her boss and ex-lover staff as borins
played by john getz to convince him to
publish the story borings is
uninterested believing the whole thing
to be a magic trick
rundle comes to see her at work and is
relieved that stathaz didn't want to
publish the story because his telepaths
are not ready to be made public yet
although they can transmit inanimate
matter it can't handle living things he
offers to let veronica track his
progress as he tries to work out the
kinks as she will wait to write the
story until he is finished she agrees
veronica ends up spending much of her
time at seth's apartment while he works
and the two of them become more and more
attracted to each other he attempts to
send a baboon for the telepods but it is
reintegrated inside out soon veronica
falls in love with seth and they make
love
during the act she makes an often remark
about the flesh driving women crazy this
gives seth the inspiration he needs he
will teach the computer to be driven
crazy by flesh seth continues to work on
the telepods while veronica goes
shopping for a gift for him while
shopping she runs into staff eyes again
now believes that seth's project is
genuine and should be published back at
sat's apartment veronica watches as seth
puts a second baboon for the telepods
and this time the baboon comes through
unharmed
as they prepare to celebrate however
veronica finds a package from staff eyes
inside is a design for a cover story on
seth she runs back to his office to stop
him from publishing prematurely leaving
seth to celebrate alone he gets drunk
and becomes convinced that veronica is
resuming her relationship with staphys
he decides to teleport himself as a way
to spite veronica
however a housefly inadvertently gets
into the telepod with him he teleports
to the other pod and emerges seemingly
normal
veronica comes back to him that night
and they reconcile but his journey
through the telepods begins to show some
strange side effects
thick coarse hairs begin to grow on his
back he develops a intense craving for
sugar his body develops an almost
instantly more athletic build and his
sexual stamina is seemingly endless the
sex alone begins to wear out veronica
seth suddenly believes that veronica
should go through the teleportation
herself perhaps in a bid to make her as
virile as himself she refuses and in a
sudden burst of uncharacteristic anger
seth leaves in search of a woman who can
keep up with him
at a c bar he meets a woman named tawny
and arm wrestles with another man to
compete over who gets to take her home
seth wins by breaking the other man's
arm with his superhuman strength and
because of a white secretion from his
hands
after a night of sex and a demonstration
of his invention tawny pours champagne
on his skin which severely irritates him
he then tries to get her to go through
the telepods but she refuses seth tells
her not to be afraid but at that moment
veronica arrives saying be afraid be
very afraid tawny leaves and veronica
confronts seth about the changes she has
seen in him
not only is his back growing more hairs
but his face is breaking out in blisters
she then informs him that she had some
of his back hairs analyzed and that they
are most likely insect hairs
sef refuses to believe anything is wrong
with him and he kicks veronica out his
apartment his thought processes haven't
become more scattered and irrational
in the bathroom later on though seth
does notice more severe changes to
himself his fingernails are falling off
and his fingers drip more fluid his face
has more blisters and more of the thick
hairs are growing there he concludes
like veronica that something must have
gone wrong when he went through the
telepods he checks the record of his
teleportation and his computer tells him
that there was a secondary element in
the pod with him which he recognizes as
a house fly when he asks the computer
what happened to the fly it tells him
that he and the fly have been spliced
together into a single organism at a
genetic and molecular level
a month goes by in which seth and
veronica do not speak but finally he
contacts her and asks her to see him
when she arrives she sees that he is
frightened and heavily deteriorating his
face is lined with pock marks and he
needs canes to walk he has to wear
gloves to keep from biting his
fingernails off he eats by vomiting
corrosive enzymes onto his food and
sucking up the dissolved remains
as they talk his ear falls off he
refuses to take help from any
professional doctors not wanting to be a
lab rat
veronica goes to staff eyes hoping to
find some way to help seth he warns her
not to go back to him fearing a
contagion but then he asks to go ahead
and visit him again to document what is
happening so staff eyes can see and find
a way to help she returns to his
apartment to find him crawling on the
walls and ceiling as he now realizes
what is happening he is turning into a
human fly hybrid he calls brunda fly and
wants veronica document his
metamorphosis
she records a video where brundle
demonstrates his new eating habits and
brings it to staff eyes who watches it
in horror
veronica then shocks daphiz further by
telling him she is pregnant with seth's
child
stathize encourages her to talk to seth
before aborting the baby when she sees
him again he has deteriorated even
further he no longer wears clothes his
skin has become swollen and lumpy and
more of his body parts have fallen off
and he barely resembles his old self he
keeps the sluffed off parts in a cabinet
dubbing it the brundle museum of natural
history he mourns veronica not to return
her because his fly instincts are taking
over and he will not be able to keep
himself from hurting her she leaves
without telling him she is pregnant and
demands staff eyes take her to a doctor
for an immediate abortion
seth overhears them talking however and
follows them to the doctor's office
where he kidnaps her and takes her back
home
asking her to have the baby as it may be
the only thing left of his humanity
veronica is too frightened thinking
there is some kind of monster growing
inside her staff follows them to set's
apartment armed with a shotgun but seth
jumps down from the skylight catching
stathize by surprise seeing that stathaz
means to shoot him seth defends himself
by vomiting his digestive enzyme on
staphy's left hand and right foot
melting both appendages and sending
staff eyes into a state of semiconscious
shock he is about to vomit on staphy's
face and make him a meal when veronica
who seth has kept on the roof intervenes
seth lets stathize live but asks for
veronica's help to make him human again
when she asks him to explain he shows
her the plan he has created he wants to
use the telepods as a gene splicer yet
again using them to fuse himself with
veronica and her unborn child in the
hopes that her untainted humanity will
be enough to stop the metamorphosis
veronica resists but seth tries to force
her into it saying we'll be the ultimate
family as she struggles to free herself
from seth's grip she accidentally rips
off his jaw which sparks the final
stages of seth's transformation his
limbs shed the remainder of their human
skin revealing the insect body
underneath the rest of his face falls
away to reveal a fly's head
the now completely transformed bruno fly
throws veronica into one pod activates
the computer and steps into the other as
the countdown to teleportation ticks
away the wounded stathize comes to his
senses with some effort he uses his
shotgun to shoot the cables connecting
veronica's telepod to the computer
forcing it offline and ensuring
veronica's safety runner flies smashes
the door to its telepod and attempts to
escape but the teleportation sequence
begins as it is halfway out of the
telepod in a flash a section of the
telepod is transported to the third pod
with bruno fly causing a shower sparks
staffish manages to crawl to veronica's
pod and let her out the computer in the
meantime fuses brun to fly with the
section of the telepod that it took the
receiving pod door opens and brenda fly
collapses onto the floor
as a result of the fusion mozart's body
is now a mangled twisted mass of flesh
and machinery run afly crawls toward
veronica who arms herself with stathized
shotgun rather than try to harm her
however run the fly uses a claw to point
the shotgun barrel at its own head
silently asking veronica to end its life
she is unable to at first but seeing
that the creature which used to be her
lover is horribly deformed and in
excruciating pain she gains enough
strength to pull the trigger blowing
apart brunda fly's head the end hope you
enjoyed watching this movie recap maybe
enough to watch the full movie we hope
you do
make sure to subscribe and don't forget
to hit the notification button
it might not seem like much but it
really helps us out with the algorithm
and allows more people to find her
videos thanks for watching and see you
again soon